Test vector for determining safe distance
-----------------------------------------

There are three test vector files in this folder. Each of them corresponds to
the NGSIM data for US-101 Highway.

The test vector is structured as a list of records. Each record has the
following fields:

    Col       |                   Description
    ------------------------------------------
    1         |                       frame ID
    2         |                       distance
    3         |                 ego vehicle ID
    4         |              ego vehicle speed
    5         |   max deceleration ego vehicle
    6         |               other vehicle ID
    7         |            other vehicle speed
    8         | max deceleration other vehicle


Explanation for each field:

1. frame ID
    The identifier of the frame which the record occurs.

2. distance
    The distance between ego vehicle and other vehicle. The unit is in feet.

3. ego vehicle ID
    The identifier of ego vehicle. Ego vehicle is assumed to be behind the other
    vehicle.

4. ego vehicle speed
    The speed of the ego vehicle (identified by `ego vehicle ID` in 3 above).
    The unit is in feet per seconds.

5. max deceleration ego vehicle
    This is the maximum deceleration of the ego vehicle. Each vehicle can be
    categorised as either a car, a truck, or a (two-wheeled) motorised vehicle.
    Each of these category has different maximum deceleration. The value for
    maximum deceleration is obtained from the following paper.

    Maurya and Bokare. Study of Deceleration Behaviour of Different Vehicle
    Types. International Journal for Traffic and Transport Engineering. 2012, 2
    (3): 253 - 270

    The unit in this paper is meter per seconds squared. IN THIS PAPER, the unit
    has been converted into feet per seconds squared.

6. other vehicle ID
    The identifier of the other vehicle.

7. other vehicle speed
    The speed of the other vehicle (identified by `other vehicle ID` in 6
    above).

8. max deceleration other vehicle
    The maximum deceleration of the other vehicle (see explanation in point 5
    above).

We expect each numeric value as a floating point number and do NOT support scientific notation.
